What Active Directory structure can contain one or more domains? 
Forest

True or False; It can be common to see multiple domains linked together by trust relationships? 
true

Active Directory provides authentication and <____> within a Windows domain environment.
authorization

 What is known as the "Blueprint" of an Active Directory environment?
schema

 What uniquely identifies a Service instance? (full name, space-separated, not abbreviated)
Service Principal Name

True or False; Group Policy objects can be applied to user and computer objects. 
true

What container in AD holds deleted objects? 
tombstone

What file contains the hashes of passwords for all users in a domain?
NTDS.dit

True or False; Computers are considered leaf objects.
true

<___> are objects that are used to store similar objects for ease of administration. (Fill in the blank)
Organizational Units

What AD object handles all authentication requests for a domain?
Domain Controller

What role maintains time for a domain? 
PDC Emulator

What domain functional level introduced Managed Service Accounts?
Windows Server 2008 R2

What type of trust is a link between two child domains in a forest? 
Cross-link

What role ensures that objects in a domain are not assigned the same SID? (full name) 
Relative ID Master

What networking port does Kerberos use?
88

What protocol is utilized to translate names into IP addresses? (acronym)
dns

What protocol does RFC 4511 specify? (acronym) 
ldap

What Hashing protocol is capable of symmetric and asymmetric cryptography?
kerberos

NTLM uses three messages to authenticate; Negotiate, Challenge, and <__>. What is the missing message? (fill in the blank) 
AUTHENTICATE

How many hashes does the Domain Cached Credentials mechanism save to a host by default?
10

True or False; A local user account can be used to login to any domain connected host.
False

What default user account has the SID "S-1-5-domain-500" ?
administrator

What account has the highest permission level possible on a Windows host
system

What user naming attribute is unique to the user and will remain so even if the account is deleted?
ObjectGUID

What group type is best utilized for assigning permissions and right to users?
security

True or False; A "Global Group" can only contain accounts from the domain where it was created.
true

 Can a Universal group be converted to a Domain Local group? (yes or no) 
yes

 What built-in group will grant a user full and unrestricted access to a computer?
Administrators

What user right grants a user the ability to make backups of a system?
SeBackupPrivilege

What Windows command can show us all user rights assigned to the current user?
whoami /priv

Confidentiality, <___>, and Availability are the pillars of the CIA Triad. What term is missing? (fill in the blank) 
integrity

What security policies can block certain users from running all executables?
Application Control Policies

Computer settings for Group Policies are gathered and applied at a <___> minute interval? (answer is a number, fill in the blank )
90

True or False: A policy applied to a user at the domain level would be overwritten by a policy at the site level.
false

 What Group Policy Object is created when the domain is created? 
Default Domain Policy

Once you have finished the tasks, type "COMPLETE" to move on. 
COMPLETE

Once you have finished the tasks, type "COMPLETE" to move on. 
COMPLETE































